“Yes, sir and ma'am”
Welcome!
It’s easy to choose what you want in this store
Anything on the menu will satisfy your all five senses
Even passing Travelers, pigeons,
Magpies, and crows
Cooking a sauce, get all you want
Savor it, lick it, say it, bon
Taste so good, everyone loves it
But it all tastes strong
I want it till I serve them all
I do my research, cross boundaries
No limits, like a creator, I make sound
We just keep on making new things
Because we’re one of a kind
No one can copy us, our own game
From the start, it’s all ours
Even if you go away for a moment
You will look for it again
Hottest menus that will never cool off
Imprint those flavors on your palate
DU DU DU DU DU DU
This is our TANG TANG TANG TANG
Turn on the fire in your eyes
I just wanna taste it, make it hot
On a new grill, cook this track
Choose the menu, call me up
Whatever you want, serve
DU DU DU DU DU DU
Cookin’ like a chef I’m a 5 star Michelin
Reached the peak of “taste” I see it illusion
Whoo I’ve never felt this way before
You will be shocked, gonna shock, instant electric shock
All the locks unlock
Idea bank, empty your head, empty it
Wonder what’s our secret ingredient
We don’t use such a thing
We just keep on making new things
Because we’re one of a kind
No one can copy us, our own game
From the start, it’s all ours
Even if you go away for a moment
You will look for it again
Hottest menus that will never cool off
Imprint those flavors on your palate
DU DU DU DU DU DU
Just put everything in
Don’t mind the other, put more
Don’t hesitate, pour more
Mix, mix
“Yes, sir and ma'am”
DU DU DU
This is our TANG TANG TANG TANG
DU DU DU DU DU DU
Welcome!
It’s easy to choose what you want in this store
Anything on the menu will satisfy your all five senses
Even passing Travelers, pigeons, Magpies
DU DU DU DU DU DU